# Growth as a Data Person:
I feel like I have grown as a data person by learning a new language to start with! I have a good understanding of the statistics behind everything, so being able to form these graphs on a different coding site than sas has really grown my knowledge! I have also learned that it is frustrating to start and learn a new coding language and thats okay! Learning R has been very confusing and I know that I will only get better the more I work on it and practice. I think another important note to make is that growing as a data person you have to be comfortable asking questions. I have gotten very comfortable reaching out to Bradford and my teammate in order to recieve help on my project and in the class. I do understand that is it okay to be stuck for a moment and try to figure out yourself, but staring at the same code over and over again will not give you the answer, but getting another perspective could help you. 


An example of when I have been struggling and working as a team with Cymbre is with Github. I have struggled a lot with getting R studio and Github to work together. Cymbre has a strong knowledge of Github, so I have been using her as a resource in order to help me with committing and pushing my work to Github. In return to Cymbre helping me with Github I have been helping her with picking what types of graphs will help her display her work the best. I have also helped give her a refresher on some of the statistical terms we have been using. This has not been related to R, but this has helped me grow as a data person because I am working as a team with someone who has a different educational background than me and we have come together and used our strengths to solve our problems. It is more than likely that I will be working on a team that I could be the only statstician, so this practice will help me be more prepared for my like working in a data field. 


Another way that I have grown as a data person is through realizing in this field, you will have to adjust your goals and that is okay!
